I need your assistance with a specific issue in my React application hosted on your platform. The problem is related to the "Water Settings" modal, where a scroll wheel is used to select a water intake value (e.g., 1, 2, 3, up to 100, plus a "Custom" option). Currently, there is no visible divider or highlight to clearly indicate which number is selected when scrolling through the options. The reference image provided (attached or described below) shows a plain list of numbers without a separator, but based on user feedback and design intent, a visible divider is expected to enhance the user experience.

Problem Description
Issue: When scrolling the list of options in the wheel picker, there is either no visible line or a thin, transparent line that is barely noticeable, making it difficult for users to determine the selected value. The intended design should include a prominent divider (e.g., a background highlight with borders) to mark the selected option, similar to the light gray bar with borders seen in earlier reference images.
Current Behavior: The wheel-picker-highlight class in the code is supposed to provide a background (bg-gray-300) and thick black borders (border-t-4 border-b-4 border-black) to indicate the selected value, but it is not rendering correctly or is being overridden, resulting in no visible separator.
Reference Image: The attached image shows the "Water Settings" modal with a serving size of "89 fl oz (11.1 cups)" and a scroll wheel displaying numbers like 1, 2, 3, etc., but no divider is visible around the selected value (e.g., 89 should be highlighted).
Expected Behavior
A clear, prominent divider should appear around the selected value in the scroll wheel, consisting of:
A light gray background (e.g., bg-gray-300 or darker if needed) to highlight the selected area.
Thick black borders (e.g., border-t-4 border-b-4 border-black) to serve as a visible separator.
The divider should move with the selected value as the user scrolls, snapping to the center of the wheel picker, and be fully opaque (opacity-100) to avoid transparency issues.
The selected value should be bold and black (font-semibold text-black), while non-selected values should remain faded (e.g., text-gray-400).
Code Context
The relevant component is the Home function in the main JSX file, specifically the "Water Settings" modal section.
The scroll wheel is implemented using a div with the class wheel-picker-container, and each option is a div with the class wheel-picker-item. The highlight is defined by the wheel-picker-highlight class.
Current wheel-picker-highlight styling:
css

Collapse

Wrap

Copy
.wheel-picker-highlight {
  position: absolute;
  top-1/2;
  left-0;
  right-0;
  height: 48px; /* Matches h-12 */
  background-color: #d1d5db; /* bg-gray-300 */
  border-top: 4px solid #000000; /* border-t-4 border-black */
  border-bottom: 4px solid #000000; /* border-b-4 border-black */
  transform: translateY(-50%);
  pointer-events: none;
  opacity: 100;
}
The scroll logic in the useEffect hook calculates the selected index based on scrollTop and itemHeight (48px), updating the dailyGoalFlOz state.
Steps to Fix
Inspect and Debug:
Use your browser’s developer tools (e.g., Chrome DevTools) to inspect the wheel-picker-highlight element in the "Water Settings" modal. Check if the styles are being applied or overridden by parent elements or browser defaults.
If the highlight is not visible, ensure no CSS specificity issues or z-index conflicts are hiding it.
Enhance Visibility:
Ensure the wheel-picker-highlight class is correctly applied with bg-gray-300, border-t-4 border-b-4 border-black, and opacity-100.
If the highlight is still not visible, increase the contrast by changing the background to bg-gray-400 or bg-gray-500 and/or thickening the borders to border-t-6 border-b-6.
Add !important to the styles if necessary (e.g., background-color: #d1d5db !important;) to override any conflicting styles.
Verify Rendering:
Test the scroll wheel by scrolling through the options (e.g., from 1 to 100) and confirm that the highlight moves with the selected value and snaps to the center.
Ensure the "Serving size" updates correctly (e.g., selecting "89" should display "89 fl oz (11.1 cups)").
Fallback Solution:
If the wheel-picker-highlight approach fails due to rendering issues, consider adding an inline style to the selected wheel-picker-item (e.g., dynamically apply background-color and border styles to the selected item using the wheel-picker-selected class).
Additional Notes
The rest of the application (e.g., macro cards, water tracking, etc.) should remain unaffected.
If the issue persists, it might be related to Replit’s rendering environment or a CSS conflict—please log any errors or inspect the DOM to identify the root cause.
Please attach the updated code or a screenshot of the fixed modal for verification.
Thank you for your help in re